delete by name: emily
delete by date: james
delete by date: bella
delete by date: olivia
delete by date: john
delete by date: bob
delete by date: chloe
delete by date: chris
delete by date: taylor
delete by date: tom
delete by date: isabella
delete by name: emily
delete by date: james
delete by date: bella
delete by date: olivia
delete by date: john
delete by date: bob
delete by date: chloe
delete by date: chris
delete by date: taylor
delete by date: tom
delete by date: isabella
delete by name: emily
delete by date: james
delete by date: bella
delete by date: olivia
delete by date: john
delete by date: bob
delete by date: chloe
delete by date: chris
delete by date: taylor
delete by date: tom
delete by date: isabella
delete by name: emily
delete by date: james
delete by date: bella
delete by date: olivia
delete by date: john
delete by date: bob
delete by date: chloe
delete by date: chris
delete by date: taylor
delete by date: tom
delete by date: isabella
delete by name: emily
delete by date: james
delete by date: bella
delete by date: olivia
delete by date: john
delete by date: emma
delete by date: charlotte
delete by date: bob
delete by date: chloe
delete by date: chris
delete by date: taylor
delete by date: tom
delete by date: isabella
